Update sidecar getting started guide (#15436)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/getting-started/index.md

[which Istio installation method should I use?](/about/faq/#install-method-selection)
FAQ page.

> You'll need a Kubernetes cluster to proceed. If you don't have a cluster, you can use [kind](/docs/setup/platform-setup/kind) or any other [supported Kubernetes platform](/docs/setup/platform-setup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need a Kubernetes cluster to proceed. If you don't have a cluster, you can use [kind](/docs/setup/platform-setup/kind) or any other [supported Kubernetes platform](/docs/setup/platform-setup).
```

## Install Istio {#install}

For this guide, we use the `demo`

> [configuration profile](/docs/setup/additional-setup/config-profiles/). It's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[configuration profile](/docs/setup/additional-setup/config-profiles/). It is
```
